that was a spectacular hunt I wanted to
shoot kill and eat that old gobbler bad
their vision is so fantastic he was so
close it's hard to draw on a gobbler
that close he turned he was blew up and
strut I had about that much an inch and
a half the top of his head to shoot with
my bird arrow and my prongs my pegs
grabbed the feathers ripped a few
feathers off of his back he won today
but that's the way it should be
sometimes the game wins - hunter does
not always win its way it should be he
flew off 10 minutes later he was
gobbling again he's still out there I'll
go after him another day I will not have
turkey meat to eat tonight but that's
fine man that was a great hunt I enjoyed
it fantastic whoo my bird arrows are
deadly but nothing's 100% little
practice there's my turkey head let's
see if we can hit it
Oh close close close good shot